feat(developer_manual): Add Route attribute to routing introduction (#11442)
nextcloud/documentation: developer_manual/basics/routing.rst

        ],
    ];

> Since Nextcloud 29 you can also use an attributes on the Controller method to define routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 29

You can also use an attributes on the Controller method to define routes.
```

works best if it has a dedicated heading/section
